when I first started playing fortnite I
thought it would be easy to get 240 FPS
with an RTX 360 I mean just look at the
game no Shadows no Reflections 240 FPS
should be light work for this GPU and on
top of that the RTX 360 in this laptop
can chew through any AAA game in 1080P
High settings but I quickly learned that
fortnite is just one of those games that
have unstable and low FPS no matter what
you do and I don't know about you but
I'm lazy and broke so I'm not going to
buy a new laptop and I'm not going to
spend hours optimizing it either so that
left me with one last option download
every FPS pack until I get 500 FPS this
should be easy just download FPS packs
until you get 500 FPS is what you would
think if you were stupid the thing is
every YouTuber and Tik tocker just can't
stop lying the only way you're ever
going to get a 1,000 FPS boost is if you
buy a ryzen 4070 The Avengers had a 1 in
14, 65 chance of defeating Thanos which
is still a better chance than I have at
gaining even 1% more FPS by downloading
one of these packs but as we saw in
endgame somehow The Avengers won so
maybe we could pull off a miracle too
because it's so impossible to actually
find anything remotely useful on the
internet and even after finding these
packs most of them have 8,000 viruses so
I might literally break my laptop not
only that I am also a full-time student
I'm cooked bro I got eight tests to
study for but instead I'm here trying to
chase a number on a computer that I
don't even use but do you know what I do
use all the time today's sponsor exit
lag it's an app that drops and
stabilizes your ping in thousands of
different games by optimizing your
routes to the game servers and you know
it's legit when there's a clip of Peter
bot sharing his exit lag settings when
he's not even sponsored to get a free
trial all you have to do is use the link
in the description and you don't even
need to put in your credit card
information your free trial starts the
second you make an account and once you
have it open all you have to do is
select your game and you're good to go
in fortnite reload my ping dropped from
27 to 22 and in Battle Royale it went
from 20 to 10 and when I had two
subscribers I tried my best to find free
versions of exit lag but none of them
compared to the results I got from this
gaming VPN and the best part is that
it's even cheaper now that there are
multiplayer plans where you can share
your account with up to five people so
your whole fortnite Squad can start quad
editing like some absolute demons so get
a free trial with my link in the
description and join the hundreds of
people who started using exit lag just
because of these videos anyways I'm kind
of in a rush so let's get right back
into getting 500 FPS on my laptop by
downloading some FPS packs I did a fresh
install Windows to get rid of my old
optimizations and installed everything I
needed and with no optimizations we are
getting a very inconsistent 230 FPS
which sounds pretty decent Until you
realize we are rendering nothing but the
Mt sky so to reach the goal of 500 FPS
we're going to have to get more than
double of what we have now however as an
experienced laptop user I know a really
simple trick which is literally just
connecting my laptop to my monitor and
that bypasses something called Nvidia
Optimus and gives us the single biggest
FPS boost of this entire video putting
us over the 400 FPS s mark But if you've
ever tried optimizing your computer
before you know squeezing out that last
bit of FPS is the hardest part so
getting 500 FPS would still be a pretty
tough Challenge and now all we need to
do is look for some FPS packs to
download and because I'm an optimization
YouTuber it only makes sense to look for
these optimizations on YouTube so I went
on to YouTube and searched up FPS packs
and the first fortnite related video
came from a guy named exm you guys might
remember him from last week's video but
the rest of the FPS packs that I'll be
trying later in this video will come
from people that I've never looked into
before I just wanted to start off with
his packs because his video was the
first one I saw and also his packs have
basically never disappointed me he has a
Google Drive download LinkedIn is
Discord so immediately I knew I wasn't
going to get any viruses on my computer
as Google does a full scan of every file
you download so that gets a thumbs up
from me however something different
happened this time in the worst possible
way and this would set us back so far on
our journey to 500 FPS if we rewind to
last week I accidentally forgot to
disable some of my services and little
did I know I dodged to Bullet we all
know that uninstalling apps and
disabling services that we don't
understand is a bad move because it is
very easy to remove a core part of your
computer and cause it to stop working
although he had a warning telling us to
leave antivirus CMD and na Services
alone apparently there were still more
services that I should not have disabled
and this led to everyone's worst
nightmare the blue screen of death so I
let my PC restart into two more blue
screens and by let I mean my laptop did
it by itself and I couldn't do anything
about it thankfully after the second
blue screen it restarted into recovery
mode last time this happened to me was
over a year ago and it took me and my
dad over 40 minutes to troubleshoot
until we could get everything back but
this time I made a restore point just
before applying the optimizations so I
used the restore point and everything
was good again for about 30 minutes
until I freaked up again and you might
be thinking how the hell do you make the
same mistake twice in a row you are
literally an optimization YouTuber
you're supposed to be smart well the
thing is it's lowy hard to diagnose the
problem if you don't know the problem
and if you've been keeping up with me
which you probably haven't because I
have 2.5 subscribers I don't know how
half a person subscribed to Me Maybe has
bua subscribed to me I didn't know this
little man watch fortnite videos but
basically I'm a stupid dumbass so expect
me to blue screen my laptop six more
times later in this video Let's just
move on to FPS pack number two so I
searched fortnite FPS pack scrolled a
bit further and came across a channel
called KH YX all these PC YouTubers got
to make the most randomst name out of
the most random combination of letters
bro so I sorted through the comments a
little bit and it looks like he's
getting comment bombed by a bunch of
people just saying it doesn't work and I
gave him the benefit of the doubt but
unfortunately I think I should have just
listened to the comments upon clicking
his link it brings us to social-
unlock.com and initially it doesn't seem
that bad until it gives you 5,000 popups
5,000 ads and forces you to download Opa
GX after the website tried to force me
to download Opa GX six times it finally
brought me to media fire where I would
finally be able to download khy X's pack
and this might have been the most
confusing set of folders I've ever
looked at there's two number threes it
skips five and there's two unnumbered
folders someone needs to take this man
to school and teach him how to count it
goes one
two yeah no counting is a lot harder
than I thought so you know what I'll
give him the pass for now even if I had
more than zero IQ I still would not
understand this pack so I watched
through the entire video and aart from
the intro this man did not say a single
word I just had to look and try and keep
up because this man is l Lally the flash
when it comes to opening folders I I I I
and you might remember a few minutes ago
I said that I didn't know the cause of
the blue screen and you guessed it I
disabled too many services yet again
causing another blue screen however
there's one thing that the restore point
cannot do and that's resetting your
registry editor and because of the
registry editor tweaks we still gained a
noticeable amount of frames despite the
fact that we system restored my computer
and now you might think ooh 20 FPS boost
but this took me 4 hours bro I started
at like 3:00 p.m. and it's 700 p.m. now
4 hours for 20 FPS let's do some simple
math real quick for every hour of my
life let's say it's worth about minimum
wage which is $1 17 Canadian dollar per
hour which means that I basically wasted
$68 to get 20 FPS let's just move on to
day two which hopefully will be the
final day of this Challenge 3 days later
we're back in business I'm taking the
laptop back off the shelf and getting
back to work I searched for fortnite FPS
packs again and came across a channel
that I recog recogniz from my comment
section right off the bat I just assumed
they were Shady but just like exm tweaks
they have a Discord server with a Google
Drive download link and honestly I'm
super impressed because on virus total
it has zero flags and usually I trust
softwares with less than five or 10
Flags even so zero is just kind of
insane unlike the previous FPS pack this
wasn't just a folder and actually had a
proper installation but the really weird
thing is that it looks exactly like Gear
Up booster the entire UI looks the same
even though they do two completely
different things but honestly this app
was exactly what I was looking for
because it does every optimization off
of one click and the results were
surprisingly impressive yesterday it
took us 4 hours to gain 20 FPS and today
we gained another 20 FPS by clicking one
button and finally after turning off my
OBS recordings we did it we got over 500
FPS and not only that we also got
consistent 200 FPS while freebuild so
that was definitely a success but maybe
500 FPS isn't enough so if you want to
see me optimize my PC until I get 1,000
FPS watch this video next